[Gen 2] update getting started with hosting build image information (#6725)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/gen2/start/quickstart/index.mdx

3. In the Git provider screen, choose _Option 2: Start with an existing app_. Connect the repository you just deployed and pick a branch. Review all of your settings to ensure everything is set up correctly. Choose _Save and deploy_ to deploy your web app to the AWS global content delivery network (CDN).

> <Callout warning> Next.js 14 apps require a [minimum node version](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-14#other-changes) of 18.17 at build time.</Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout warning>

Next.js 14 apps require a [minimum node version](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-14#other-changes) of 18.17 at build time.

</Callout>
```

4. Under _Advanced settings_, navigate to _Build Image_ and enter `amplify:al2023`. The Amplify Amazon Linux 2023 build image supports Node.js versions 18 and 20 at build time. You can specify the Node.js version during your build via [live package updates](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amplify/latest/userguide/custom-build-image.html#setup-live-updates) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm). Amplify Hosting will automatically deploy your compute runtime to match the Node.js version used at build time.

> ![gen2](/images/gen2/getting-started/console4.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Amplify Gen 2 console showing the "Advanced Settings" view with "amplify:al2023" specified for build image](/images/gen2/getting-started/console4.png)
```

> <Callout warning> If you have an existing Gen 2 application, you can modify the build image by navigating to _Hosting_ -> _Environment Variables_ and create a new environment variable `_CUSTOM_IMAGE`: `amplify:al2023` for specific or all branches, then redeploy the build. </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout warning>

If you have an existing Gen 2 application, you can modify the build image by navigating to _Hosting_ -> _Environment Variables_ and create a new environment variable `_CUSTOM_IMAGE` with the value `amplify:al2023`, then redeploy the build. 

</Callout>
```
